Readme.md, before:

# 'Flexible Learning' Reading Group @ TU Berlin

In this repository the different papers and presentations discussed during the "Flexible Learning" Reading Group are documented. Topics range from Deep Learning (Meta, Transfer, Continual Learning) to Systems Neuroscience (Consolidation, Plasticity, Learning). The reading group meetings happen approximately every two weeks at [MAR Gebäude](https://goo.gl/maps/aP9coNafVW8MJA7g7).

* If you want to join us or are simply interested in what we read - join our mailing list [here](https://lists.tu-berlin.de/mailman/listinfo/ni-flexible.learning).
* If you want to propose a paper for one of our next meetings - add it to our reading list [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YsA_bb9qD5uJkutkYLMeKLegpGBgrkzhY4Awhlliyh0/edit?usp=sharing).


| Date  | Title  | Authors  | Conf.  | Year  | Category  | Paper  | Presentation | Presenter |
| ------ |:-------------:| -----:| -----:|  -----:| :-----:|  :-----:| :-----:| :-----:|
| 22/01/20 | 'Deep Neuroethology of a Virtual Rodent' | Merel et al. | ICLR | 2020 | Neuro-DRL | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.09451) |[Slides](presentations/10_2019_Merel.pdf)| Robert Lange |
| 08/01/20 | 'Recurrent Independent Mechanisms' | Goyal et al. | ArXiv | 2019 | RNNs + Causality | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.10893) |[Slides](presentations/09_2019_Goyal.pdf)| Nico Roth |
| 03/12/19 | 'Weight Agnostic Neural Networks' | Gaier & Ha | NeuRIPS | 2019 | Inductive Biases | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.04358) |[Slides](presentations/08_2019_Gaier.pdf)| Adrian Sieler |
| 20/11/19 | 'Task Representations in Neural Networks Trained to Perform Many Cognitive Tasks' | Yang et al. | ArXiv | 2019 | RNNs | [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41593-018-0310-2?WT.feed_name=subjects_neuroscience) |[Slides](presentations/07_2019_Yang.pdf)| Filip Vercruysse |
| 06/11/19 | 'Solving Rubik's Cube with a Robotic Hand' | Akkaya et al. | ArXiv | 2019 | Robotics | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.07113) |[Slides](presentations/06_2019_Akkaya.pdf)| Robert Lange|
| 23/10/19 | 'Machine Behaviour' | Rahwan et al. | Nature Machine Intelligence | 2019 | Opinion | [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-019-1138-y) |[Slides](presentations/05_2019_Rahwan.pdf)| Robert Lange|
| 06/09/19 | 'New neural activity patterns emerge with long-term learning' | Oby et al. | PNAS | 2019 | Neuro | [Paper](https://www.pnas.org/content/116/30/15210) |[Slides](presentations/04_2019_Oby.pdf)| Joram Keijser |
| 23/08/19 | 'Transferring Knowledge across Learning Processes' | Flennerhag et al. | ICLR | 2018 | Meta | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01054) |[Slides](presentations/03_2018_Flennerhag.pdf)| Robert Lange |
| 07/08/19 | 'Task-Driven Convolutional Recurrent Models of the Visual System' | Nayebi et al. | NIPS | 2018 | RNNs | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.00053) |[Slides](presentations/02_2018_Nayebi.pdf)| Robert Lange |
| 24/07/19 | 'A Meta-Transfer Objective for Learning to Disentangle Causal Mechanisms' | Bengio et al. | ArXiv | 2019 | Meta | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.10912) |[Slides](presentations/01_2019_Bengio.pdf)| Robert Lange |

Commit message:

05/02/20 - 'On The Measure of Intelligence' - Chollet 19'

Readme.md, after:

# 'Flexible Learning' Reading Group @ TU Berlin

In this repository the different papers and presentations discussed during the "Flexible Learning" Reading Group are documented. Topics range from Deep Learning (Meta, Transfer, Continual Learning) to Systems Neuroscience (Consolidation, Plasticity, Learning). The reading group meetings happen approximately every two weeks at [MAR Gebäude](https://goo.gl/maps/aP9coNafVW8MJA7g7).

* If you want to join us or are simply interested in what we read - join our mailing list [here](https://lists.tu-berlin.de/mailman/listinfo/ni-flexible.learning).
* If you want to propose a paper for one of our next meetings - add it to our reading list [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YsA_bb9qD5uJkutkYLMeKLegpGBgrkzhY4Awhlliyh0/edit?usp=sharing).


| Date  | Title  | Authors  | Conf.  | Year  | Category  | Paper  | Presentation | Presenter |
| ------ |:-------------:| -----:| -----:|  -----:| :-----:|  :-----:| :-----:| :-----:|
| 05/02/20 | 'On a Measure of Intelligence' | Chollet | ArXiv | 2019 | Intelligence | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.01547) |[Slides](presentations/11_2019_Chollet.pdf)| Heiner Spiess |
| 22/01/20 | 'Deep Neuroethology of a Virtual Rodent' | Merel et al. | ICLR | 2020 | Neuro-DRL | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.09451) |[Slides](presentations/10_2019_Merel.pdf)| Robert Lange |
| 08/01/20 | 'Recurrent Independent Mechanisms' | Goyal et al. | ArXiv | 2019 | RNNs + Causality | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.10893) |[Slides](presentations/09_2019_Goyal.pdf)| Nico Roth |
| 03/12/19 | 'Weight Agnostic Neural Networks' | Gaier & Ha | NeuRIPS | 2019 | Inductive Biases | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.04358) |[Slides](presentations/08_2019_Gaier.pdf)| Adrian Sieler |
| 20/11/19 | 'Task Representations in Neural Networks Trained to Perform Many Cognitive Tasks' | Yang et al. | ArXiv | 2019 | RNNs | [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41593-018-0310-2?WT.feed_name=subjects_neuroscience) |[Slides](presentations/07_2019_Yang.pdf)| Filip Vercruysse |
| 06/11/19 | 'Solving Rubik's Cube with a Robotic Hand' | Akkaya et al. | ArXiv | 2019 | Robotics | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.07113) |[Slides](presentations/06_2019_Akkaya.pdf)| Robert Lange|
| 23/10/19 | 'Machine Behaviour' | Rahwan et al. | Nature Machine Intelligence | 2019 | Opinion | [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-019-1138-y) |[Slides](presentations/05_2019_Rahwan.pdf)| Robert Lange|
| 06/09/19 | 'New neural activity patterns emerge with long-term learning' | Oby et al. | PNAS | 2019 | Neuro | [Paper](https://www.pnas.org/content/116/30/15210) |[Slides](presentations/04_2019_Oby.pdf)| Joram Keijser |
| 23/08/19 | 'Transferring Knowledge across Learning Processes' | Flennerhag et al. | ICLR | 2018 | Meta | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01054) |[Slides](presentations/03_2018_Flennerhag.pdf)| Robert Lange |
| 07/08/19 | 'Task-Driven Convolutional Recurrent Models of the Visual System' | Nayebi et al. | NIPS | 2018 | RNNs | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.00053) |[Slides](presentations/02_2018_Nayebi.pdf)| Robert Lange |
| 24/07/19 | 'A Meta-Transfer Objective for Learning to Disentangle Causal Mechanisms' | Bengio et al. | ArXiv | 2019 | Meta | [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.10912) |[Slides](presentations/01_2019_Bengio.pdf)| Robert Lange |
